hey what's up guys welcome back to my
channel my name is only 43 and welcome
to the Independence Day DLC series this
is a little miniature series here on the
channel where I'm showing you the
dependence day dlc and I've shown you
the monster truck and I'm got the
motorbike coming to you very soon at the
moment I'm going to be showing you the
weapons and fireworks it's actually
pretty damn epic so first of all I'm
actually bought all of this stuff so I
don't need to buy again but I do want to
show you in the store anyway so you got
all these cool fireworks which is pretty
cool we've got the musket which is just
screams red dead redemption and just
makes me like rockstar if you're
watching this video come on you know you
want to bring out the next version them
for a deaf attention for the next
generation of consoles just please come
on you know you want to and then we have
this which is just a brilliant creation
it's an RPG firework launcher and it's
just incredible so I'm going to buy a
few more rounds cuz apparently 20 is
what I need and yeah let's show you the
musket during the day so I'm just going
to get the musket now ironically or not
ironically i don't really know my guns
all that well especially old ones but
this is a musket and it is in the
shotgun section is that is that right I
don't know I thought it was a rifle in
all honesty but I don't know a couple of
things to note the range on this thing
is actually pretty fantastic i wish i
could see someone kind of walking around
so i could demonstrate the range to you
but yeah so what i'm going to do instead
is just shoot i'm going to attempt to
shoot this guy and i'm actually going to
show the animation for reloading which
is pretty cool another thing to notice
is all my first victim so yeah the range
is fairly good I'm you can see me doing
an animation here if I fire the weapon
and it's doing the animation I do a
barrel roll it's actually going to
really start the animation so you know I
thought I could be clever and kind of
role while I'm in it to reload turns out
you can't do that so yeah let's see how
far away this guy i can go 0 nope it's a
really like consistent weapon I mean the
reload time was a little bit of a
nightmare but um yeah it's pretty good
so
oh yeah show the RPG i will be showing
it to you at night time but just so you
know it does blow up vehicles sometimes
it's really quite temperamental
sometimes it blows up vehicle sometimes
it doesn't see if I can look there we go
so blow up the cop car doesn't always
blow up everything I think it depends on
the angle you shoot it as well it just
leaves like a flame and then I think it
blows it up so yeah all right I think
well I need to do is switch to nighttime
view and show you how cool these
fireworks launcher things are because
it's pretty awesome so yeah quickly edit
let's show you nighttime here we gooo
yeah that's what I call a firework
display a very short one but I was
freaking awesome so let's all show show
you the rocket launcher is which is what
I wanted to show you it just it's so
awesome look at this boom I just love
the noises around bang and just so you
know boom has some amazing smoke effects
you have to be a little bit careful boom
oh it's just so cool so there we go guys
that is the weapons for this
Independence Day DLC the fireworks are
just awesome if you're wondering how to
place them and do the whole time of
thing basically going to infantry you
click fireworks and then you have the
type so you have all these types and
then you have color and you can set
timing so you can do what I did where
they were kind of going off kind of one
by one sort of a things so yeah that is
fireworks that is the firework RPG and
this has been only 43 so thanks for
watching and take care bye bye let's I
actually really want to do this goodbye
a cruel world
oh oh it's really crew don't even kill
myself or the freaking file ugh